Neutral, BREAKING. Eric Adams Heads to Mar-a-Lago to Meet With Trump
Neutral, LIVE. Trump’s Picks Are Quizzed on Tax Cuts, Tariffs and Fossil Fuels
Neutral, Two Watchdogs Were Rebuffed From Joining Trump’s Cost-Cutting Effort. 2 min read
Neutral, State Attorneys General Ask Courts to Preserve Biden-era Gun Control Measures. 3 min read
Neutral, Johnson Installs Crawford on Intelligence Panel, Pulling It Closer to Trump. Speaker Mike Johnson appointed Representative Rick Crawford, replacing a Republican who had criticized President-elect Trump and broken with him on key issues.
Neutral, Trump Picks a Jet-Setting Pal of Elon Musk to Go Get Greenland. 6 min read
Neutral, A First-Day Trump Order: A Federal Stockpile of Bitcoin?. 5 min read
Optimistic, Stephen Miller, Channeling Trump, Has Built More Power Than Ever. Stephen Miller was the architect of Donald Trump’s hard-line immigration agenda in his first term. Now he is back with fewer rivals and more influence.
Optimistic, Stephen Miller, Channeling Trump, Has Built More Power Than Ever. Stephen Miller was the architect of Donald Trump’s hard-line immigration agenda in his first term. Now he is back with fewer rivals and more influence.
Neutral, Biden Tightens Cybersecurity Rules, Forcing Trump to Make a Choice. The executive order accelerates the move to mandatory compliance by software providers. It may run afoul of President-elect Trump’s mandate to deregulate.
Neutral, With a Series of Actions, Biden Races to Cement His Legacy. 3 min read
Neutral, Biden Administration Creates Final Limits for Oil Drillers in Alaska. 2 min read
Neutral, Biden Administration Withdraws Proposal to Expand Protections for Rare Whales. 2 min read
Neutral, Israeli Vote on Cease-Fire Is Delayed as Diplomats Work on Details. Even though negotiators for Israel and Hamas reached a provisional deal for a truce, they continued to discuss outstanding issues through mediators.
Neutral, Benjamin Netanyahu Faces a Political Crisis Over the Gaza Cease-Fire Deal. With his far-right coalition partners opposing an end to the war and threatening to quit, the Israeli prime minister may have to choose: them or the agreement.
Neutral, For TikTok Refugees, a Wry Welcome on a Chinese App. In their mass migration to the Chinese app RedNote, social media users make a gleeful mockery of the American government.
Neutral, Trump Is Said to Consider Executive Order to Circumvent TikTok Ban. 5 min read
Neutral, Bob Dylan Joins TikTok in What May Be Its Final Days. 2 min read
Neutral, David Lynch, Maker of Florid and Unnerving Films, Dies at 78. A visionary, his films included “Eraserhead,” “Blue Velvet” and “Mulholland Drive.” He also brought his skewed view to the small screen with “Twin Peaks.”
Neutral, David Lynch, ‘Twin Peaks’ and the American Art of Television. 4 min read
Neutral, The Entertainment World Mourns the ‘Dreamer’ Director. 3 min read
Neutral, LIVE. Slower Winds Help L.A. Firefighters, but Anxiety Mounts Among Evacuees
Neutral, More Americans, Risking Ruin, Drop Their Home Insurance. As climate threats worsen, they are skipping payments and losing protection.
Neutral, They Escaped the Wildfires. Now, They’re Facing Personal Costs. 6 min read
Neutral, Giuliani Keeps His Home in Settlement of Defamation Case. Rudy Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City, was at risk of forfeiting his sole remaining home to election workers he defamed after the 2020 vote.
Neutral, Giuliani Keeps His Home in Settlement of Defamation Case. Rudy Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City, was at risk of forfeiting his sole remaining home to election workers he defamed after the 2020 vote.
Neutral, SpaceX’s Starship Has Setback During 7th Test Launch. While Elon Musk’s spaceflight company repeated a spectacular catch of its powerful booster stage, the upper stage was lost as it traveled through space.
Neutral, SpaceX’s Starship Has Setback During 7th Test Launch. While Elon Musk’s spaceflight company repeated a spectacular catch of its powerful booster stage, the upper stage was lost as it traveled through space.
Neutral, Yes, Imitation Meat Is Processed. Can It Also Be Healthy?. After being targeted by the meat industry, swept up in the culture wars and pummeled in sales, two plant-based meat companies are reinventing themselves.
Neutral, Yes, Imitation Meat Is Processed. Can It Also Be Healthy?. After being targeted by the meat industry, swept up in the culture wars and pummeled in sales, two plant-based meat companies are reinventing themselves.
Neutral, Neko Case Has Sung Hard Truths. Now She’s Telling Hers in a Memoir.. In “The Harder I Fight the More I Love You,” the singer and songwriter outlines the personal and professional challenges that have shaped her career.
Neutral, Neko Case Has Sung Hard Truths. Now She’s Telling Hers in a Memoir.. In “The Harder I Fight the More I Love You,” the singer and songwriter outlines the personal and professional challenges that have shaped her career.
Neutral, Patrick Healy, Kristen Soltis Anderson and Adrian J. Rivera. These 12 Men Who Backed Trump Want a Different Kind of America
Neutral, Frank Bruni. Republicans in North Carolina Are Treading a Terrifying Path
Neutral, Farah Stockman. Is America an Oligarchy Yet?
Neutral, David Brooks. We Deserve Pete Hegseth
Neutral, David French. MAGA Is Misreading Its Mandate
Pessimistic, Jessica Grose. Reality TV Takes Washington (Again)
Neutral, Letters From Our Readers. Biden’s ‘Bittersweet’ Farewell Address
Pessimistic, Jordan Thomas. Megafires Are a Choice
Pessimistic, John McWhorter. How Hollywood’s Awards Season Could Change the World (a Little)
Neutral, Parinitha R. Sastry and Ishita Sen. We Have to Stop Underwriting People Who Move to Climate Danger Zones
Pessimistic, Pamela Paul. The Decline in Geriatric Care Hurts Us All
Pessimistic, The OpinionsAudio. This Jail in Rural Maine Is a Model for Treating Opioid Addiction
Neutral, Amid Turmoil, Washington Post Debuts New Mission Statement. This week, The Post began trying out a new mission statement: “Riveting Storytelling for All of America.”
Neutral, Stick-Wielding Man Kills 2 Homeless People in Miami and Injures 2 Others. A suspect has been arrested as the police investigate the motive for what they called an unprovoked attack.
Neutral, Apple Plans to Disable A.I. Features Summarizing News Notifications. The company’s Apple Intelligence system has erroneously characterized news stories, provoking a backlash from media companies.
Neutral, Justin Baldoni Sues Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds for Defamation. The lawsuit is the latest legal action in a feud tied to the 2024 film “It Ends With Us,” which starred Ms. Lively and Mr. Baldoni, who also directed the film.
Neutral, Justin Baldoni Sues Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds for Defamation. The lawsuit is the latest legal action in a feud tied to the 2024 film “It Ends With Us,” which starred Ms. Lively and Mr. Baldoni, who also directed the film.
Pessimistic, A Longtime Aquarium Leader Is Retiring. Here’s What She Learned.. Julie Packard discusses highlights of her four decades with the Monterey Bay Aquarium, which she has led since it opened. She’s now stepping back.
Neutral, Wordle. Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
Neutral, Wordle. Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
Neutral, Connections. Group words that share a common thread.
Neutral, Connections. Group words that share a common thread.
Pessimistic, Strands. Uncover hidden words and reveal the theme.
Pessimistic, Strands. Uncover hidden words and reveal the theme.
Pessimistic, Spelling Bee. How many words can you make with 7 letters?
Pessimistic, Spelling Bee. How many words can you make with 7 letters?
Pessimistic, The Crossword. Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
Pessimistic, The Crossword. Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
Neutral, The Mini Crossword. Take a break from the news. Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
Neutral, The Mini Crossword. Take a break from the news. Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
